hello and welcome again to RC model
reviews on
their home and bid on bringing you more
videos because look what arrived
it's the spec 2d LG came in this box
probably don't do unboxings here so
that's already been done and I saw this
advertised on the Internet everywhere I
went these little targeted ads are
saying so look at what's playing that's
a dlg and I love to LG's and I must
admit I need a new do G and I've already
got a top sky d LG that arrived some
time ago for review and I thought oh and
I ordered the hobbyking d LG I'll try
that out and I saw this and I thought
it's a hundred and three dollars hundred
and three dollars and it's a pretty much
and I you know almost plug and fly not a
lot of work to get this in the year
it's got pre covered wings and hinged
and everything look really really
straightforward I thought this might be
a really good way to get going really
quickly so I handed over my hundred and
three dollars plus some shipping and
incredibly three days later it arrived
in my mouth box that's just from Hong
Kong this from our two hobbies the
shipping was fantastically quick I'm
really impressed came EMS can't complain
at all about that now of course if
you're paying one hundred and three
dollars you're not getting a high-tech
composite you know bagged carbon Kevlar
you know foam dlg made to the lightest
possible standards of course you're not
you're getting a pretty budget dlg and
that's what exactly what this is but the
other dlg i have is a mountain melton
hobbies mountain models something rather
@dl 50 it wasn't yet the build it was a
real kick you had to put the bowl stir
together and cover the wing and all
sorts of stuff and that wasn't too cheap
and offline a few years has give me a
great deal of pleasure it's a great
entry-level machine but this actually
worked out to be cheaper it's slightly
bigger and it certainly looks a whole
lot better so what did I get for my
money well I got a couple of wagons as
you can see two wing halves there's a
typical you know fairly standard pod and
boom thing you've got Tower playing the
post has already mounted this obviously
he's just has to be glued on the
vertical stabilizers to be glued on
these are all hinged it's covered in
aura cover with her there's a number of
colors I think blue and red with the
options I got red and it looks like it's
arakawa translucent or transparent or a
cava
with this sort of false carbon Kevlar
film effect here which looks quite nice
and I must admit it's a very thin wing
it's made to quite a good stance quite
stiff although I'm concerned about the
size of these ailerons given that they
are just built up they're not actually
bagged to composite on nothing
it could even be some flutter issues
there who knows when you get a bit of
speed on and other thing that can send
me about the wing big problem with the
wing now as I say $100 dlg you don't
expect the youth but you do expect a
little bit of quality control and I'm
afraid I've got to give a big thumbs
down for the quality control on this
model it's not our two hobbies problem
well it is a problem but it's not your
fault
obviously the manufacturer when they put
these together they didn't check because
look at this I'll show you here we go
here is the Euler and on this wing you
can see it goes up and down goes up and
there's lovely up yeah yeah fine no
problems here is the Euler and on the
other wing it goes up but it doesn't go
down look that's it it goes just below
level there's the Snowdown movement
because this bolster here is walked so
it hits and then won't give you any
downward movement on that I Lauren what
a pain in the backside I'm gonna have to
remove the owner and trim the bolster
and then re hinge it so it's going to
look pretty bhaji before I've even got
it in the ear that is really really bad
if you're gonna buy one of these hundred
and three dollars bit spectra DL G's be
aware that you know you might end up
with something like this because budget
if there is a dud one and a run of a
thousand if there's one dud product it
comes to me so again as as always the
case I got the dud I haven't seen any
reports of other people having this
problem with their specters but I've got
it with mine which means what should
have been a really quick simple build is
now going to be complicated by the fact
I have to fix the damn islands and AH
you know he ruins it it was the whole
experience so it's gonna be a lot of
points off on this model because I have
to rebuild the damn wing just to make
the ailerons work now the other thing is
that no instructions at all with this
model no instructions whatsoever so you
have to be a bit of a it's not a first
model by any means because there's a lot
of bit see what what is this for
look at this it's actually not part of
the aircraft at all I think it must be
some kind of jig for joining the wings
or maybe I don't know
it's a laser cut plier you put together
but weird if there's ago it does it
doesn't go on the model there's no hint
no indication as to what that's for
you also get other stuff you get some
carbon toe why what do you use the
carbon toe for there's no indication and
you get a bag of spare parts here yeah
Oh hardware the bag of hardware it's got
some little posts for putting on the
servo so the wire hinges while linkages
can go through but the grub screws are
missing actually one grub screws missing
I've had life in the bag and there's no
sign of the second grub screw quality
control nobody's kicking
nobody's chicken or throwing things and
bags are saying that's close enough bad
very big there's velcro look here's some
velcro orange rocker lovely what for no
instructions have you no no idea
so yeah it's no that's cheap cheap with
a capital C inside it's it's not a
carbon this little hatch here six week
carbon or maybe it's even dyed fibers no
looks like carbon and this is an epoxy
fibreglass pod so this is not going to
be the lightest of DL jeez it's not
heavy but it's not going to be the
lightest so it's not a high performance
it's just a hundred dollar budget dlg
ideal press for getting started we won't
know until I've build it put it together
work out where pets go and let these
what's this for some more bits apply
more laser cut boy no clues where it
goes
not even pictures to go with the plane
to tell ya to put it together so I'll
just do my best maybe I'll do a build
video so you can see how I put it
together probably not the same as it's
supposed to be put together but that's
it that's my first thoughts on this
Spectre
deal G hundred dollars it's gonna be a
big build when it should have been a
quick build because of this damn stupid
wing problem ah
anyway stay with me I've got the top sky
dlg which I'll be doing a full building
review and I've got the hobbyking deal G
which is a plug and fly and that was
sent where it was actually ordered a
month ago it hasn't turned up yet so
this was ordered three days ago and it
turned up this morning there you go
thanks for watching any questions on the
bottom any comments in the bottom stay
tuned
I want to get this in the air real quick
bye for now